docs: add release notes for 0.34.0 (#9561)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes.rst

 Release Notes
###############

**************
 Version 0.34
**************

Version 0.34.0
==============

> **Release Date:** June 24, 2024

Author: # TODO: fix the release date before merging it!

**Breaking Changes**

> -  Images: The default environment includes images that support PyTorch. TensorFlow users must

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Images: The default environment includes images that support PyTorch. Therefore, TensorFlow users must
```

> -  Images: The default environment includes images that support PyTorch. Therefore, TensorFlow users

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Images: The default environment includes images that support PyTorch. Therefore, TensorFlow users.
```

   configure their experiments to target our non-default TensorFlow images. Details on this process

>    can be found at :ref:`set-environment-images`

Reviewer: -  Images: The default environment includes images that support PyTorch. Therefore, TensorFlow users must
   configure their experiments to target our non-default TensorFlow images. Details on this process
   can be found at :ref:`set-environment-images`

>    can be found at :ref:`set-environment-images`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-  Images: The default environment includes images that support PyTorch. Therefore, TensorFlow users must configure their experiments to target our non-default TensorFlow images. Details on this process can be found at :ref:`set-environment-images`
```

>    process can be found at :ref:`set-environment-images`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
must configure their experiments to target our non-default TensorFlow images. Details on this
   process can be found at :ref:`set-environment-images`.
```

-  Images: Our new default images are based on Nvidia NGC. While we provide a recommended NGC

>    version, users have the flexibility to build their own images using any NGC version that meets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version, users can build their own images using any NGC version that meets
```

   their specific requirements. For more information, visit :ref:`ngc-version`

> 

Reviewer: -  Images: Our new default images are based on Nvidia NGC. While we provide a recommended NGC
   version, users can build their own images using any NGC version that meets
   their specific requirements. For more information, visit :ref:`ngc-version`

      -  Setting up a firewall
      -  Using a VPN
      -  Implementing IP whitelisting
      -  Configuring Kubernetes Network Policies
      -  Employing other security measures as needed

-  Kubernetes Configuration: Allow Cluster administrators to define Determined resource pools on
   Kubernetes using node selectors and/or affinities. Configure these settings at the default pod
   spec level under ``task_container_defaults.cpu_pod_spec`` or
   ``task_container_defaults.gpu_pod_spec``. This allows a single cluster to be divided into
   multiple resource pools using node labels.

-  WebUI: Allow resource pool slot counts to reflect the state of the entire cluster. Allow slot
   counts and scheduling to respect node selectors and affinities. This impacts Determined clusters
   deployed on Kubernetes with multiple resource pools defined in terms of node selectors and/or
   affinities.

**Bug Fixes**

-  Kubernetes: Fix an issue where where jobs would remain in "QUEUED" state until all pods were
   running. Jobs will now correctly show as "SCHEDULED" once all pods have been assigned to nodes.

**ZZZ put these into an appropriate section!**

> 

Reviewer: :-)

Author: its ok to leave `ZZZ`?

Reviewer: we should remove it. i thought it was a reminder for someone? maybe not.

Author: fixed
